# Valse of Silence

Alas my child. Here they are sipping their chosen poison; indulging in each others company. Their eyes meet, the silence between the two is barely noticeable. Looking deep into each other's eyes they let a "sigh" of comfort, chuckling in unison as they realized how comforting it was to be next to each other without needing to utter a single word.

He approached her from behind, ever so gently as not to disturb her peace just as she pulled her eyes from the book.
Slowly, he leaned towards her and with a deep breath, he felt her essence fill his soul. He was content for that single moment. He enjoyed what he felt, even if it lasted just an instant. He was happy because he knew she was the one the very moment he saw her reading, oblivious to everything around her. 

She turned her head, startled at seeing the stranger leaning so close to her. He stuttered softly "I'm sorry", unsure of what to say, for her beauty had overwhelmed his wits. He hesitated but finally managed to say "Please, let me buy you a drink". She replied hesitantly "I'm waiting for someone". 

This lovely lady, this woman who was reading, enjoying verses of her book was still shocked at the handsome stranger, in disbelief of what had happend. It is as if what she was reading all of a sudden came to life, a story of romance, a moment of joy; a moment she had hoped to happen to her in real life. She was annoyed at herself because all she could think of to say was "I'm waiting for someone else"; which prompted him, as he heard those words, to apologize as he walked away awkwardly.

He was shocked at himself for the uncontrollable urge he had felt. Why did he not suppress that outburst which left him so vulnerable. Perhaps he should have made a different approach, perhaps he could have had a drink with this woman, who had appeared as if from a dream. 

As he was walking away, she too felt something inside of her, something she could not ignore. As if replaying his spontaneity she stood up and lightly touched his shoulder. He turned around, their eyes met and a moment of silence enshrouded them. They chuckled in unison. They realized how comforting it was to be next to each other, without needing to utter a single word.  
