# Second Chance

I was startled from my sleep the other night by some unusual noise I had heard downstairs. It was strange hearing the noise as I lived alone in my two-storied house. After some doubt I got up from my bed, took a deep breath and went downstairs to look around. I remembered it well since it was a cold night, raining as soft as the wind blew.

While I was still only half-way down the stairs I could see a few lights flashing around the rooms. As I approached where I last saw the lights, unsure whether it was only one or more... well, that doesn’t really matter now, does it? The point is, as I entered the room, my living room to be more exact, I heard a gunshot and all I felt was a sting at the back of my head. I do remember falling down to the floor but after that it all went dark, until a couple of days ago.

I’m not really sure how much time had passed since that happened, or anything else for that matter. I don’t even know what day or month we are in. But those details don't seem that important if we consider the gunshot that I had heard.

I can't seem to move any of my body parts, though it seems I am not dead yet. I am aware of some things around me. However, it is difficult to tell whether they are real.

What the hell, what can I do? Nothing I guess, not until I figure out what has happened to me. I do recall having lived a good life in a really nice house that was two stories high – white as what would have been her wedding dress. There was this porch that wrapped itself all around it on the bottom floor that gave it an English touch.

There are many glimpses of my life I don’t recall. For instance, I don’t remember having a job nor a wife nor even a girlfriend, not even if I had a pet. I guess it wouldn’t matter since If they cared they would be here next to me wherever I am. I could be at a hospital or dumped at the killers favorite spot. I could still be at my house rotting in my living room. Maybe I’m about to be buried or simply my body is being disposed of. It really wouldn’t matter since dead people don’t feel a thing, right? Well... at least that is what they say.

Oddly, flashes of my life are coming back. Why are they? Why should they?

It all started when I was seventeen. I fell in love with her. She was like an angel fallen from the skies that had lost her wings and couldn’t go back from where she came. She taught me many things about life and all there was to see. She was really strange for she had strange customs to which I changed some of them, while I just had to grow accustomed to her other notions that would seem a tad peculiar. It was a difficult beginning for both of us. She wanted me to talk while I wanted her to open up more about her past. She never revealed any of it, of course she had nothing to hide, or so I thought. Her name was Penelope. Mine... mine seems to be lost between the flashes.

After a few months things started to get better, communication started to flow between our daily lives, intertwining as the atoms in space. We finally figured out what we both were, what we wanted to be, and what we would become. But not everything was as nice as my house.

A year had passed and she decided to let me go. She never told me the reason why she did, but she came to me and said good-bye, giving me a kiss on my forehead. Until this day I have never heard from her again. Sometimes, at nights I would sit on the front porch where we used to spend many a cozy nights, just looking at the stars while imagining her coming back to me.

After that I never cared to meet anyone, I didn’t care for a new companion. I thought it wouldn’t be fair since my heart would always belong to her. As she used to say, love is just a dopamine rush. She was an out of whack kind of person.

A couple of years had passed since I last saw her. I kept waiting for her to come back and make my life nice again. Just the way it was when she was with me, but I was losing hope.

Time kept moving on and age was getting to me. One night I went to bed and arose to hear those sounds I had already told you about. I guess I was killed for I am still not sure, and being unsure is a good clue to my present condition. I never did see the person's face, he or she who was audacious enough to sting me on the back of my neck.

As I fell to the floor I saw once again my days as a child, but I did not see all of it. There were footsteps moving each time further and further away, then a door closed and I did not hear anything else for awhile. Later in the night the rain started to ease up, cars were rolling up the driveway, lights shining everywhere around my home that had been undisturbed for the longest time.

It seems they where policemen, having their usual uniforms and all the other nifty things they usually have with them. I tried talking but without any success. After a while they put me in the black bag they usually put dead people in.

Before placing me in the bag they came to the door and tried knocking. Of course, if I were not in these conditions I would have opened it for them. Did they really have to break my door? My door! Whatever, its not like I’m going to use it any time soon.

They entered, checked the entire house. They soon found me after, I want to hope an accidental kick to my ribs, which I think I felt. He then put two of his fingers on my neck and checked my wrist for pulse. I don’t know if he felt it or not, I guess he didn’t since he took my watch and put it in his pocket. At times, society yields unexpected outcome.

More people came into my humble home. Doctors and reporters, all sorts of people taking photographs of my unfortunate circumstance and a whole lot more, too much more of useless things they do which does not help at all. Then it happened; they bagged me. Everybody was so cold, not a single tear nor a simple good bye. They took me to the hospital and straight to the morgue where they decided to have a little fun with my body. I was cut opened and examined. Every single cavity, each imaginable part of my precious anatomy was touched and cut opened. After they had their fun I was sewn back together. All of that my friends, just to say I was killed by a gunshot at the back of my head. I could have saved them a hell of a lot of trouble if they would have just asked me.

Later on I was locked up in one of those iron boxes. They seemed like freezers to me, really cold in there. I never did care to get out. It was so peaceful. No more worries, no more troubles, no more stress and no more feelings. It was like paradise but without all of the pretty colors. I think I could have learned to live with it, but no! They had to come and interrupt my nice long awaited sleep. Two of the ugliest and creepiest creatures came to me, opening the door where I was kept. They pulled my bed out and took me away. They were these two little creepy gray men with incredibly large heads and big eyes. Not a nose nor an ear to see, but they did have fine black lips. They had arms that where not too long nor too short, just right for their body, no less, no more. What they did have were large fingers which I guess they had a particular use for. It was strange, all the stories, pictures and movies I have seen of these particular beings; they never wore any clothes until now that I see them right there, in front of me. At that moment the bigger one of the two grabbed me, seeing a big flash, and as fast as it came, it also left. Then I was no longer at the hospital. For all I know, we could be in their ship, but I wouldn’t know since I have never been in one. Laying in a room that was all white, I could see the instruments that were being used on me, they were on a table beside my face. I saw, half witted, how they cut me from my stomach near to my thorax. It was all so clear since there was a mirror right above me.

Something that hurts more than just imagining what is being done is to actually see it. After a lot of pain and suffering, my so called pain dwellers left the room as swiftly as when they had brought me. What I still don’t understand is how can I be seeing all of this? Was I not shot at the back of my head and declared dead? I guess some things just can't be explained. For instance, what is happening to me in this instant, where did all these little men come from? Are they for real or what? Am I dead or not? I would really like someone to answer that for me. I wonder if others have experienced similar situations.

Maybe I should start concentrating on how to get out of this and then I can try to answer all of these questions, that is of course, if it is at all possible. It would all be so much easier.

Hello there, guess what? the little pain dwellers are back. It seems they are coming back for more site-seeing inside of me. This time, one of them approached me and started to talk.

“GreetingZ big one, we mean you no harm.”

“Sorry to say little man, but you are too late for that!”

“Let me explain what we did to you. You were already dead. Everything you saw after you where shot is because the brain does not cease to function for three weeks after your heart stops pumping blood. Your medicine declares you are legally dead once there is no more brain activity. Your technology is, how could we say? obsolete. Once this occurs, you slowly start to lose your senses, smell and some other abilities like being unable to move around freely as you usually do.”

“Sometimes you can still hear your surroundings and at most see. What we do is try to repair what ceased to function and what was damaged. You should be able to resume your normal activities in a few days.”

“And what if I don’t want to live?”
“You have no choice once its given to you. You only have one chance. If you die again, we won't revive you.”

“What am I supposed to do for you?”

“Nothing yet, we only gave you a second chance at life. Use it wisely!”

“So what now? Back home? Everyone there thinks I’m dead.”

“Exactly! If you look up to the mirror you shall notice that we changed your face. A new life and a new beginning.”

“What for? I never wanted all of that. I was quite fine the way I lived.”

“Enough! Your time here has expired. We are going to send you back now. Farewell, and good luck big one.”

Shucks, I'm back at my place. Not that I’m complaining or anything. It's just that it's a real mess after the incident here. I don’t know how long ago that was. I don’t know what I should do either. My love, where are you? What have I done to deserve any of this? Of you leaving? I guess there is only one thing I can do, first, I must go upstairs. A second chance! for what? Now where did I put it? Must be... yes!!! Here it is. Thank you my little pain dwellers for what you have done. But next time ask, OK? Here it goes. Into my mouth. A little bit higher.

Now to pull the trigger and say good-bye.

“Foolish, we gave him a second chance at life and he wasted it. What for? Why?”

“There will be others better than him. They will be able to handle the pressure.”

“It was a waste of time. We will have to start all over again. How long do you think it will take you to prepare the next one, Penelope?”

“Just like all the others, a year.”
