# Asylum

Everything I expected it to be like is just not what I got. Nobody believed me and I guess no one will ever do so either. I still have hopes of getting out from this. I know what I can do it. I know my limits and how far I can go. But these padded walls are not doing much for me. Those guys outside keep me drugged all the time like if I were dangerous. And do you want to know something else? I like it.

I just have to keep on acting like I were violent and they come running and injecting me. What pleasure I tell you, nice and relaxing. I get food twice a day. I really don’t know at what times, but it doesn’t matter anyway. For one, the food stinks; and two, I am barely ever hungry.

For some reason I believe I am the only one in this joint besides the guys dressed in white. They are everywhere to be seen, ugly fat chicks and smelly fat dudes that spend most of the day harassing me.

At times I like it in here. I get a lot of time by myself, using some of it to think and meditate about my current condition. I have dreams of many realms that belong to me. Places I will be in the future. I dreamt once of being in a place like this. I hope it came true.

There is not much left for me if I stay here. Strange sensations and feelings crawl all over my body. At nights I feel as if I were floating, not here. It was and still is like I was somewhere else. Sometimes I get a small glimpse of where I am, but its not easy to recognize. I just don’t know why I insist on talking about the same things over and over again. Like if they were really important. The glimpses I told you about, well, I had this really bizarre one. Let me tell you about it.

There was this beautiful angel sitting on a rock overseeing the waves hitting against them. She was watching the waves washing out on the shore, taking in the little birds running away from the water, for their little feet wouldn’t get wet by this salty nuisance. The children playing with the white soft sand, nearly like dust, making sand castles, dinosaurs and other eye-catching figures that would amaze every on-looker from near and far. What caught my attention to all of this was this small child, a boy. He was also being watched by the angel with her eyes wide open as mine were. This boy got up from his little sand-made hole and started walking towards the water. It seemed like he wanted just to go play in it. While the child swam he got too far from the shore and got caught by the undertow, he then was pulled down to the bottom of the ocean losing consciousness. It seemed that he still had it but he simply wouldn’t move. He would only feel and see what was going on around him, as if he were in a trance, oblivious to the danger.

The colorful fishes swam next to him moments before he reached the bottom, which made it a more pleasant end for him. Once he arrived to the bottom he stayed there for a few moments, motionless. As the boy was about to close his eyes to await the dreaded moment, he saw someone approaching him from the corner of his left eye. It was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. She had long red hair that would move in unison with the currents of the ocean. Gray eyes that could penetrate into your very soul if she wanted to, and a dark green tail. She picked up the child from the ground and started to swim towards the surface. Upon reaching the top she encountered the angel that had watched quietly as the child crept closer to the end.

This angel had huge white soft wings that would amaze even the most skeptical of them all, and dark, long, curly brown hair. She took the child from the mermaid's hands. She started to flap her wings each time harder and stronger until she could get accustomed to the weight of the boy, for her ascent to the heavens was hard. She flew to the highest clouds she could reach, the cleanest and purest of them all, just like the child’s love.

She laid him there and covered him with one of her wings. The boy, wet and cold turned around facing the angel, he gave her a kiss and said thank you, closed his eyes and stayed there next to her for the rest of eternity.

I’m never sure if what I see is true or not. One thing I know, I haven’t been wrong yet.

There is something else I know, and all the years of misery that I have passed through were well worth it. The days I spent wondering the streets searching for food to eat and money to steal, the people I conned to get me in this place was all too easy. All you have to do is preach a few things that you believe in and to do so is best in public. It doesn’t matter if they are true or not, once you do it out in public without any proper foundation, and when I say foundation, what I really mean is “money”. People believe you to be a schizophrenic or whatever diagnosis suits them best. Sometimes they add in their charts, that they tend to become violent, they don’t care. As long as they don’t run the risk of getting hurt.

That is why they send most of us normal people to places like this. But hey, I’m not complaining since I wanted to be here. So much better and easier. I’m sure glad I got out of the other place and got myself in here.

It was really easy. All I had to do was pretend to be rough and make their life difficult. In here I don’t have to mingle with the really insane ones that were at the other place outside. All they do is slobber all over you and scream at you for looking at them. They pick fights with you if they feel threatened in any away, stupid, pointless arguments. If you sit too close to some of them while eating you get stabbed with a fork, or get your head smashed with a plate. But enough of that.

Oh, the days as a child, were full of joy. Not a worry in your head nor sorrows. All day was fun and play. Such a waste I never got to live those days. It would have been so much fun if I hadn’t spent my childhood years in a coma. Do you know what it feels to wake up after twenty-one years of sleep knowing that you missed the best years of your life in a bed? The years as a child?

In a way I say it was a fair trade. I attribute those wasted years to my gift of foreseeing those so many wonders I admire. To be able to see the future, to see what it was like and what it will become is simply wonderful. I only like to preach the really bizarre ones. Like the one of the little boy at the beach. Some stories don't always have the impact as others. It would be better if I tell you this other one so you would know what I’m talking about.

The sunset could be seen all the way down the horizon only allowing some of it to be admired. The skies were filled with different colors all over. From one side to the other one could see as many tones of red, orange, blue, purple and black mixed together to create a diverse dance of colors in the sky. The day was still bright enough to appreciate the many various wild flowers in the hills. Also to be seen was another beautiful creature laying and playing in the softest of flower beds.

She had long, gray hair that would cover half of her naked body. Her feet barely touching the ground while she was dancing around the hills covered with a mystical mist. With her soft and comforting voice, she would sing and summon even the wildest of animals to come and listen to the sound of happiness. Her eyes could hypnotize all those around. They would change color depending on her mood. On her back there was a pair of long transparent wings that contained purple lines.

The harmony was broken at the sound of something galloping her way. She looked and saw the most astounding black stallion ever. With each thump of his gallop, the thunderous sound would enforce his mightiness, bringing him a step closer to her.

She then noticed in the middle of the forehead of this mystical animal, a horn as straight as an arrow.  She stared with amazement for this was the first time she had ever seen such a creature. She stood there watching it approaching her with great force. She turned around completely facing him. The stallion lowered his head just enough to penetrate her chest with his horn. As he did this the beast lifts the girl up, shaking the last few moments of life out of her. She fell to the ground looking at the beast with eyes of sadness, and as her life started to fade away so did everything around her.  All the colors in the sky turned black, the flowers on the hills started to loose life. All the animals that had gathered around to hear her sing ran as far as possible. Even the sun had changed, it turned burning red with rage at sensing what had happened. The last thing she saw was all the animals that had gathered around her were running away, and with a smile she died for she knew they were going to be safe.

For some reason or the other, most of the stuff I see are quite tragic. You know what? I feel like having another shot. The secret to this is to start screaming and running around the room. Hitting yourself against the padded walls, which can be quite fun. It doesn’t actually hurt, you just get bounced around. Every now and then just stand in the corner and let some saliva drip out of your mouth. When they enter the room, attack them with all your force. From all of this you eventually get your reward. The one thing I hate about doing this is the feeling of exhaustion that follows.

“Oh boy, here goes nothing. “Hey! what are you doing? Stop that. Nurse! Nurse! Call security.”

“Yes, r-right away.”

“And bring the anesthetic.”

“Come on Doc. wanna play?? hehehe.”

“You don’t want to do that. Listen to me, I’m talking to you.”

“Grab him! Hold his arm while I inject it.”

“Let me go, I just wanna play.”

“Done, that should make him sleep for a few hours. That should be all, everybody back to your places now.”

Oh, what a relief that was. I really needed that last one. I think I'll just rest my eyes for awhile.

“Oh my”, I tell you, there is nothing like a good, long rest. Better yet, I had this really erotic dream which I think I should not tell about. Maybe later when the time is right. For now all I feel like doing is having a nice hot meal.

What a shame I have to say, because I look out my window and see the beautiful night with all those mighty stars. Well, that is what people think – that they are all stars. I do have to admit that many of them are indeed just that, but I know as fact that some of them are not what they seem.

I’ve had visions of what reality is, what really lays in the mighty galaxy. Some of those that are believed to be stars are actually observation decks for our -at times- friendly neighbors. Just like the gigantic telescopes we have on earth observing the Universe. Some of those shinny lights in the sky are better telescopes, looking down on us, watching our actions for iformation about how we develop our slow-growing technology and behave as a society.

From the very first generation born there was a star out there watching this little insignificant planet of ours. Yet, there is no point on explaining what you don’t believe in. No matter what I say will not change what you think, although I can persuade your thoughts into something more realistic. There is the reality that this is not the only planet that can breed life. We are not the superior race. In fact, I have to admit that at times I believe we are not even the superior race on our own planet. We are above all other life forms on this planet when it comes down to intelligence. Yet, I wonder how intelligent are we? The entire fauna seems to have more knowledge on how to preserve life. They do not destroy it like we do. We are the main purpose of extinction among all the other species in the world. When it all comes down to that I don’t seem to find any intelligent life forms around. All I can do is wonder when it all is going to come to an end? all this madness and destruction, and I am asked why do I like to be kept in this madhouse? When the ill ones are out there. You know what? I’m going to tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to preach one last time moments before it begins. Don’t be impatient, for soon I will tell it all.

Its all so lonely in here. Its hard to find someone to listen to me. The inn-keepers either don’t have time to talk with the patients, or they are just too self-absorbed to help us out. I never knew the difference.

On the other hand, the other people locked up in here are too busy with their own problems to be concerned with mine. Its not what it used to be like. People used to be concerned about others, helping each other out. Now everyone is too consumed with their own troubles to help out others.

It is just too much for me, for all mankind is soon to die in the most catastrophic way imaginable.

Something I just figured out a few days ago while in my sleep. It is quite interesting if you are a believer. Did you not imagine how I am capable of seeing both past and future? There is something you ought to know first. You must have seen in some time of your life, people on the streets talking a lot of things you believe to be garbage. Of course many of their speeches are truly garbage. But some of those, very few people have been prepared just like I was. Prepared by superior forces known by the average man. We, and a few others know about their existence here in our Universe, and at some point even on our own home planet.

Some of us, the “we” try to propagate the truth about them. “We” were prepared by this superior force to allow the knowledge of their existence and their arrival here. But the “others” are the ones trying to keep their existence a secret. At times they try to kill some of us, to wipe us out, almost succeeding.

To be continued? Perhaps.
