# The fallen Angel

They found me drunk, (they said so because I was babbling something about the world coming to an end) beaten up, and nearly dead by the east side of the river in New York. This baffled me, for, I could not recall what I was doing ther, agonizing in my own blood. I remember seeing the figure of my father telling me that I had more to do, that my time has not come yet.

After getting out of the ambulance that was taking me to the ER, Of course this was without a doubt, putting up a struggle since the parameds refused to let me go. However, as soon as I told them I had no money to pay for the medical bills, they immediately stopped the ambulance and drop me on the road, not too far from where I was picked up. Despite my disheveled look, the long drench coat I was wearing, which I had for as long as I could remember, covering my even darker clothes, torn and messy, I felt uncathed. I thought to myself, how did I get myself in such a dreadful shape! It appeared like I was ran over by an eraser, those huge highway trucks that don’t stop for anything, and don’t leave a trace of who or what it smashes. 
Well, as I got off the ambulance, I walked down the streets of this messed-up city. I passed through the darkest and scariest alleys imaginable. No person with any commonsense would dare to venture through these places.
As I walked among the things I saw I was astounded and fearful for my life, as well as, the other innocent people in the street. There were beggars approaching you for money. If you ignored them and kept on walking they would hit you with a club in the back of your head, then take everything from you. Later the same robbers will in turn be mugged by another peron. Women getting raped right there on the streets and nobody around to help. Not even the people who lived around there. They just didn’t want to get involved in anything that was not of their concern. Pimps doing their usual rounds to enforce the ladies of the night demonstrate their prowess at getting clients. Drugs addicts looking for drugs, anything that will produce fixation in their useless body. The night air was filled with gunshot sounds, sirens from passing police cars and ambulances. In the midst of all this hullabaloo, people seened to avoid me. The look in their eyes reflected fear and recognition, as if they knew me. This no doubt puzzled me.
At this point I considered what to do. It dawned upon me that perhaps I should go to a motel and get cleaned up. I probably smell and look like shit!
So, that is what I did. I found a ten dollar a night place. Not exactly a place I would recommend to anyone, but that should do since I don’t have much money on me. I checked around before going up. Only one way in and one way out. Up I went and in the room. Suddenly I began to have a heaviness on my back. I believed it was a feeling of exhaustion, just just like my legs would feel after a long days work, standing on my feet. The air conditioner was out of service, an expected occurance in such a dump of a place. I sat on the bed to take my clothes off. Before I even started the legs of the bed broke right off and the bed crashed to the floor, nearly going right through to the second floor that was under us. Us?
Needless to say how disappointed I became with my accommodation. I got up, went to the bathroom to find another surprise.  Roach crawled everywhere, on the walls, on the since. The closet, the drawers were in much the same condition. I looked at myself in the bathroom mirror. I saw signs of blood and bruises, but, strangely it did not seem to be my blood. There was no puncture or wound on my skin. My long, shoulder-length hair was as messy and filthy as I was. Now I begun to take my clothes off, starting with the drench coat. As I took it off I gasped with horror at the sight at the back of my body. Are those a pair of wings on my back? I held on one of them to make sure I was not hallucinating and pulled. They did not move, they were attached to my back, then I fainted like a wimp.

Oh my, I really hurt myself this time. Agh! My head hurts like hell. The only sign of pain I feel, despite the bedraggled look on the rest of my body. I took a shower then I laid on my rented bed trying to recall what had happened. Yet, it is all foggy to me. Sleeping was out of the question, for a very simple reason, and quite a stupid one. I was not sleepy. Tired? Yes! But that was because of the obvious fight I must have been in.

“Hey! “x” boy, what have you been up to??? Long time I don’t see you around!!!”
“Not much sir, just…just hanging on to whatever I have left.”
“eh? That’s just a waste of time if you ask me. What are you going to do?”
“I’m not sure yet, I guess get a job?”
“I’m telling you, you are just wasting your time. You should come and work for me. Most of your friends are.”
And in a mumbling tone of voice, he said “That’s cause they are a bunch of lazy asses.”
“What was that you said boy? What you sayz?”
“Never mind sir, nothing sir” “Just that sir, I aint interested in selling no dope to no one sir.”
“Then you better not work for no one else, you hear me? No one! And you better tell no one about what I do cause if you do, remember that I know where you live… and with who.”
“I wont do any of that, you got my word on that.”

This boy, not too smart, but at least street smart, enough to stay alive. I just keep thinking about him and the decision he made. The right one to stay away from that shit. Selling drugs and all that. Not like what his friends did, Nick, “Freeze”, “toad” and “eazy”. They were his all around best friends. There was nothing he wouldn’t do for them as there was nothing they wouldn’t do for him, with one exception, when he warned them not to mess around with selling drugs, and in some cases, using them. 
Nick was the smartest of them all. The decision-maker of the group. He knew what to do and when to do it. 
“Freeze”? He got this nickname because of the cops that constantly chased him and yelled this very same thing every day, over and over again.
“Toad” got his because he was a bit slow, and I don’t mean with his feet. I meant upstairs.
And “Eazy”, he got his because of two reasons, the first one cause he liked to take things calmly, there was no rush for anything. The second, because there was no woman that could say no to him.
They grew up doing everything together, from chasing a ball on the streets to hustling women. Young and foolish they were, messing around with the wrong people and the wrong stuff.
Yet, still respected by most of the people that knew them, and the ones that didn’t learned to respect them quickly.

Over the years as they grew older, they wondered when their last day would come. They all knew that their days were counted because of their line of work. “x-boy” thought so too because he used to hang around them a lot.
One by one they started to slither closer to death.
Nick was the first one to go. His death was not at all pleasant for the week at heart. 
They were all together at their joint getting ready to make a “hit”, as “toad” was fumbling about with a grenade he accidentally touched the safety clip and dropped it on the floor out of fear. Nick grabbed the grenade and as he was rushing to the window to dispose of it, it blew right there in his hands, at the same time blowing part of his body away with him. He died minutes later accompanied by regretful eyes and broken hearts. 
“Toad” out of remorse for what he had done to his friend, tried to kill himself.
He grabbed a gun and shot from the chin upwards with slight inclination. He of course, failed at his attempted suicide and ended up in the hospital. He became a vegetable, but his friends did him the favor and ended his life.
Then “eazy” died from one of his jealous women. She did not approve of his sex life, so she got in bed with him, and after having sex with him, she cut off his penis with the testicles still attached to the latter, and stuffed it in his mouth.
Finally “freeze” died of a sudden heart attack while being chased by the cops. He did say that they would never catch him alive.

This is a story, a story like no other that you have ever heard of. Could be that you have in some time or another, maybe not as a fact, perhaps a tale of some kind, a story with no names, for what they have done is far more important that who they were. It not only has to do with me but with the others as well. Even they sacrificed much more than I. They....sniff.

Short as it may seem, the happenings of this sad story are all true. Yet, what is truth? Is it what we see or feel? Or may it be what we believe it to be? This, and more will be faced by the lesser evils – beholders of truth.
Now, what happened to “x-boy” after all of this? 
He suffered a great deal. No doubt about it. His best friends, his only friends and family as well, all died in a short period of time. The same year they all departed from him within months.
He suffered greatly, yes he did! For they were the only ones that ever cared for him. 
After a few days at home with a bottle constantly at his side, he decided to change the scene and take his drinking somewhere else. He went to a few local bars and strip clubs. Drinking and hoping to forgetting all. Yet, in this state of mind the rum only helped him remember things a bit more clearly. At times he would wake up in an abandoned alley with a few cats eating from his flesh. Other times with whores by his side taking anything he had on him of value.  Other days he would just not go to sleep for fear of what he may dream. His dreams were a constant problem for him since he was a child. In spite of his problems he had as a kid, he turned out to be a good person.
At times he dreamt, of what used to happen to him as a child. He remembered going to his mother’s room at nights when he was scared. She, as usually chased him out and told him to “go get lost and to play in traffic.” She wasn’t exactly your everyday loving mother. After this, he would go to his dad in the living room, who had spent many months there sleeping. He too didn’t care much for the child. As the boy approached him and told him how scared he was, his father told him… 
“I don’t even lnow why you were born, because of you I had to marry that damn bitch of a mother you have!”
He, as usual returned to his room to cry all night.
“Sniff… I know they really don’t… sniff, don’t mean what they say… I know they really do care.
They have to care, I am theirs. Even if they don’t accept me, they are going to learn to live with it!” As black and as cold as he could, he said these last words with a great deal of hate in him.
Long after the nights grew longer for the boy. His parents' threats and words became stronger as time passed. 
He was building up courage to do the unthinkable, but what he saw that night just made him snap. 
This night was the same like every night, he did the same routine. He went to his mother’s room to tell her he was scared, but as he entered, he saw his mother fornicating with a stranger. His mother yelled at him, “Get the fuck out of here you little shit”. Amazed and angry, he went to his fathers’ side and told him what he saw. Not caring for what was happening, he pushed his son away and yelled, “Can’t you ever leave me alone? Why don’t you do us all a favor and kill yourself?”
The boy not being able to reason, was suffocated with his own fury. He went to the kitchen and got himself the “butcher’s knife”. He went back to his fathers side, with a quick movement, without thinking twice, he penetrated his skull nearly breaking his little fingers.
Forcing himself away, he knew it was too late to stop what he had started. He walked and entered as quietly as he could. the room where that immoral act was taking place. He shot the stranger in the back of the neck with a gun he had taken from his father's den. He kept his gun in an accessible place hoping his kid would shoot himself by mistake one day. The stranger fell on his side, his mother screamed and yelled frantically. He then shot her in the face without giving himself a chance to repent what he was doing. Then he cut off the strangers testicles placing one each in the mouth of both his deceased parents.
After his devastating act he called the police, confessed about everything. He eventually recevied and psychological help. Many years later he was releaed from the institution for being “competent” to control his actions. 
They came to the conclusion that since he was a child, he did not know what was wrong and what was right. They believed that his time in rehabilitation enabled him to differentiate between the two. As a result he was now capable of living  in society.
What happened in between that and when he met his friends are only minor details. 

After a while, in one of his solitary moods and upon forethought he would ask himself, “Is it worth it?” “My loved ones are gone, my parents are dead by my own hands.”
Living the next few days with this on his mind, he patiently waited for the full moon.
Barely eating anything he laid motionless watching how the roaches walked around him searching for anything to eat.
The night of the full moon arrived, seeing it’s brilliance through the window, he asked himself once more, is it worth it?  (relevance of the moon, must explain) 
That night after he had meditated for weeks with this same question in his thoughts, he came upon the realization that it wasn’t worth it at all. Yet, there was something stopping him. It was not his family nor friends, for he had none left. Neither was it the people that knew him because they just didn’t care what happened to him, nor would they miss him. It was simply the fear of death. Ironic in a way, fearing death when you have nothing left to live for, brings you life.
It is true what I say, for I have felt that same feeling he is now struggling with. 
And I still wonder and ask myself why I could never go through with it. Because truly I have nothing left. I never knew true happiness, and when I finally met the only person that made me feel good about myself - she left me. I felt even worse than before, worse than the beginning. I never had any true friends, and the few I had never really cared. 
For me, the only thing that keeps me going is the obligation I have with myself to finish relating my tales. Once that is done I shall be gone. I know I won’t be missed.
He stayed there a few more days. Hungry and thirsty, with nothing to eat around him, without wanting to go out. He ate some roaches. as few as possible to make the hunger subside, while figuring out what to do next, or where to go.
As usual, he wandered the streets walking closely to the shadows, vaguely seen by the beggars and whores near and far. He saw crimes done on these very streets he walked, crimes that could only be imagined by the sickest people already dead. 
For many days he continued this walking, not knowing where he was going. Then he reached a place he had never seen before, a dark and forbidden place, but at the same time it emitted a sense of comfort all around it. 
He walked in, yes he did. Inside this place, he saw what was going to mark him for the rest of his eternal life.
He saw two guys, one with long hair, and both wearing long dark drench coats, fighting each other. throwing one another against the walls. and anything around them that could inflict great pain. “x-boy” amazed at all of this, first time he sees two men fighting with incredible speed and beauty.  Yet, he felt safe, not threatened in any way. Or maybe it was his suicidal feelings that kept him without fear of being hurt. 
He knew what to do, which one to help. The guy with short hair had this aura of evil, also the way he looked at him, he knew what kind of person he was. Yet, unable to move, still marked with the initial fear he felt, …… 
What is this I ask myself, please let this not be another dream. Such beauty and (rhythm/coordination/something) never to be seen by anyone alive to talk about, I am sure about that. It is just so difficult to describe, such beauty it is only breathtaking. Leaping as high as two stories up…..them…..they, grab each other and in a circular movement….it seems like a choreography. Their coats, limbs, even the objects around them moved in perfect harmony.
I feel, I am sure, but I think I want to be a part of what I see. I don’t care if I die - trying. This is what I want, what I desire for. This is without a doubt, without anything in life left, my last and only wish to die happy. To die in a true battle between good and evil, which to help?
 With a smile on his face, he knew this was a stupid question to ask himself. Evil has always been part of his life, the life that surrounded him. But for some odd reason, he always picked the path of good. 
the bad angel told him….”you know, it is a fine day to die”
“Yes”, he told himself, as he looked back on his past, his misfortunes. Maybe I won’t go to heaven, but surely I won’t burn in hell. Saying this, he leaped from his ecstatic state of mind, grabbed what he could to help fight a loosing battle. 
Before he knew it, his life was no more. The good angel died too, several hours later.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“just the part where he becomes an angel…..before I forget about it….
One day he was walking the streets…and saw two angels fighting….the good one loosing and dying too…so he helped him ou but died trying….because of this, when he rose to the heavens above, he was rewarded by becoming an avenging angel…..that means, one that fights against the evils….the guardian angels are inferior and just look out for people.” 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Three damn days later and now I remember what has happened. Spending my time in this second to last, rated roach infested motel. 
Making a cigarette appear from thin air, I lit it with a spare match we always kept on him, just in case.  Sitting on the bed, looking at the floor, with my hand on my forehead. and the cigaret, in the same as well, I wondered, is this for real?
“It must be”, I said to myself, “I still got these damn wings attached to my back.”
Smirking at this last remark, he did not know what to do next.  
