Hello my friends; it has been a long time since we last spoke about our thoughts that enslave us to ourselves in societal orders that evolve every time a group is pressured by the confinement of those who are above the law. It is indeed necessary to find ways of breaking this cycle that occurs historically, and individually. You see and don’t, the ways of the world, the days of the ruling class at any given point in time. It is argued back and forth the different perspectives of each individual which in time has become more individualistic in its point of view. 
If it were at all easily understood what has been said, and what I am trying to say, that no matter the way you want to look at it, the turning back and repenting the declining nature of our humanity matters not. For within itself there are cyclical natures, in our society and individually; indeed, individually the cyclical mistakes are to be corrected first, then the societies grouped mistakes. And yet, this point of view is somewhat impossible to resolve at this given age and time, to figure a way to know whether what I am to propose is indeed, part of this cyclical nature of our life. 
As time has grown to develop within technological –and so called- for in each given epoch, man believes to be at its highest in knowledge, and is unable to realize that every study will invalidate the previous one made. Knowing this, and understanding that science will only study what is known, will be unable to resolve those questions of what if. Of those so called speculations of at times, called by myself, better times. 
By better times I mean those that produced a reality or massive squizofrenia which in either case is healthy for it brings whatever the mind wishes to achieve. If it were possible to speak to the God of that time, or begin the disbelief leaving such people questioning his existence without realizing the importance of knowing what He thinks of us more important than of what we wish to believe of him. If He actually ought to be at fault for his mistakes, of us of ours matters not; for forgiveness is at the same time either given or received respectfully. Through this point of view it is possible to understand our own limitations, and our need to better the place that we live in. For if the planet is where we came from, and it eventually be destroyed by our hands, what ought to happen to us as a collective life force? 
Perhaps right there our answer lays, being a life force; being a collective live force. Whether as psychologists are evolving its science, always one step behind, for the theorist that comes observes what’s going on and gives a suggestion, whether it be good or not, if its applicable then the other men will come and begin its study upon something that has already taken place. Delaying the what ifs of a better place. 
Politics and economics are as entwined as religion to the latter two.  
Institutions lack the futuristic vision individuals have about a given subject, place and time. Individuals have a basic law engraved in their genetics: survival. And our way of life is ruled by power, which in today’s land is economics. Economics being politics, and religion just a sideshow. 
