Earth

Many years back when civilization was still in its first steps of going up the evolution scale, when everything was still stones and rocks for tools, and grunts and groans for words. When they got hungry they would go and hunt for their food and eat it raw with their bare hands. When in danger they would fight back, of course when the opponent was too big they would flee as fast as they could. But no matter all their problems and hassles, they didn’t mind their way of life since there was no social status and they wouldn’t care what others would say, and since they also didn’t know if there was a better life than the one they had. There weren’t any religions that would devide them into many different beliefs and other things that really don’t matter. But they all had this one problem. Each and every day it would get hotter and hotter. They never did pay much attention to this. Month have passed and people where dieng from heat exhaustion and dehydration. After a while it was too hot for them to stay under the hot sun, they where forced into caves, caves soon to be explored. These places had subterranean rivers and from somewhere, cool breezes where to be felt. They had decided to stay underground until the outside world would be good again. But many more years have passed and the situation was getting worse, terrible living conditions. Soon there where almost no living creatures left. The nights where no more, at the beginning when the sun went down to poison the other side of the world, people would come out and hunt for food and at times they would just play or simply just rest under the starry nights. But all of this came to an end, it was almost a desert, the whole wide world was covered by sand and bones, decaying corpses and a few animals that where left still struggling for what was still there. And that was almost nothing. And it was nearly as hot as it was during the day. Too suffocating for anybody to live. So, the outside world was gone, no one would dare go near to what they called Doomsday’s door. These people that lived underneath all of this came to an agreement, rules that where made to avoid confrontations with each other. And any one who would disobey would be abolished, and would have to go outside to a sure death. After many generations, and many burial ceremonies, these people have gone through many mutations, and for the better too.
First they started to shrink in size, they wouldn’t grow as tall as they used to. From seven feet they dropped to a whopping four. Their skin had turned gray and their heads grew. So did their brain and their knowledge.  Arms and fingers where longer and their eyes a whole lot bigger. Their nose and ears where no more, in their place where only holes. They also got very fine lips. Their ancestors used to use only three percent of their brain while these people incremented it nearly to forty six. They had already started construction of underground cities. We have no need to mention their technology, way too advanced for what was left of human race. They constructed railroad trains to transport people from place to place. Generators for light and other things. They also had transportation for space which they never got to use since it was too hot outside to transport these ships outside. Since the caverns where too small for it to fly. They had telescopes and other useful tools to study the outside world, the other planets that surrounded them and most importantly, the sun. They had noticed that its temperature was rising day by day. But soon enough they lost interest in it, because there was not much they could do about it. And finally, one day, it happened, the sun blew destroying absolutely everything. The nearby planets completely incinerated. Our planet was not so lucky as the ones further beyond. More than half the planets surface had dissapered. The people that lived near the surface where also burned to crisp. Only the ones really near the earth’s crust where safe. As they tried to cope with the disaster, earth was cooling down to near freezing temperatures. How ironic, first they feared dying burnt, now they fear being frozen. This time it was far more dangerous than at the beginning, now there was no where safe on earth. Slowly everything was freezing, and everybody had to go or die. So they decided to grab the ships they had built to explore space and search for a habitable planet. And so they did, they packed and took who ever could go on this journey in search of a better life. So of they went to other galaxies for theirs had no future. As they approached the next one, the next and closest galaxy, they found and saw many planets that seemed habitable. But as they approached they seemed always to find something that was not right, something that could endanger their species, a species that could soon become extinct if they where no careful. They would find at times that the planet would have no oxygen, others where just too dangerous and at times, too unpredictable. The first planet they approached to explore, not much to see but sand and more sand, no rocks nor mountains nor rivers or any animals. It seemed that everything there was had been swallowed up by the ground. And we where right, when the first scout came out of the ship, he set foot on the ground and nearly was devoured by it. Quick sand it was. He was lucky, they where able to save his life. At seeing this they realized why there was nothing there. Everything was probably many feet underground. So of they when to the next planet running short of supplies. Some of their ships where solar powered. A slite problem there since there was no more sun. Others runned on fuel which was soon to be gone.  But most of their ships where moved by telekinesis. Remarkable I have to say. The one operating this craft would sit in the center of the ship. Some would say it was the center of balance. He would be in that room totally by himself since it would take a great deal of concentration. 
Lose this concentration, and he would most likely lose control. After a few attempts of landing on unhabitable planets, they decided to split of in several groups to enhance the chances of survival for their race. A race that could soon be no more. This was wise for someone had to find a respectable planet to live on. And keep procreating their race so they would never extinguish the only known race in the universe. But they all agreed on something.That they could not be the only living creatures in the whole wide universe. They say, “lets take our ship for example and put a small dot on it the size of a needles head, and say this is our galaxy. And our ship the universe. You are going to tell us in all that space we are the only living creatures?”. It makes sense if you think about it. All of that space wasted filled with dead rocks and other useless junk just to have one planet with life which is now destroyed. Unless it all has a purpose. Lets say its all there only for us. We where forced out of our galaxy and devided in several groups, who knows where they will all end up. And how far. Our race would generate millions of families forced to move further and further away overpupolating the galaxies. Entering new ones and other dimensions as well. Billions of years could pass and the young ones would forget their past and their families. Thinking that every one is and evil entity. Who knows what is going to happen. But thats only a theory. We still havent seen any signs of life anywhere else. I wonder how the others are doing. I guess we shall never find out. 
This is the seventh planet we have visited and we have found nothing. At least some of these planets that we have visited show with each visit a better chance of living on. A better chance of surviving. 
At times I think about that theory, about why there is so much empty space in the universe. There has been many legends that the old ones used to talk about, they used to tell how many, many years before the sun started to heat up. Started to burn our surface. That there where times when we where visited by creatures that where several inches taller than us, their skin where of many diferent colors on each different creature. Some of them had what seemed like colored grass on their heads. Their eyes where small and peculiar. Some really strange extensions on their heads. One of them in the middle of the eyes and above their lips. The other two where on each side of the head. These stories could prove the theories wrong only if we had proff. But its still interesting to imagine what if it where true. Where are they from, and how did they find us? What was the purpose of their visit and other unsolved questions. It would have been interesting to know if they where real or not. If they where they could have helped us out with the current problems we are facing. Everything seems to be so out of place, but yet, everything is in order. Well, we are off to the eight planet now. Hope we find it this time.
I remember the other planets so well, it has been many years since we last saw the others. Before departing our dear friends and families. The first planet we visited since we split up was Arkania. That was the first planet we named, since we had to keep track of the places we had visited. Arkania seemed nice from the distance. Not as nice as our earth. But we had to find something soon. This place was mostly 
