Isn't love in a way the suppression of what one wants to see the other person happy? Sacrificing one owns wants for the wants of the other? Is it not that what love is? But as we grow older something happens, we want more for what we are giving. When we see that the other person stops giving (in a logical and cold hearted way of seeing things. Since, when in the actual situation emotions cloud judgment) we at the same time stop and reflect upon what is going on, wanting as well what is being given. Is it not at times that one is the stronger over the other person, thus this person giving more than what the other person can give? Is it not as we grow older again that we see these differences and stop wanting to get as much as we receive? 

Isn't love about loving? About accepting and understanding the other person? And at times in this love being the stronger person and letting the person go to learn for him or her self just exactly those experiences that we have already lived? Isn't it about forgiving and forgetting, words that ought to go hand in hand...? Isn't love about accepting the natural way that life works as mysterious and deep and incomprehensible as it may seem sometimes? 

Isn't it as it said in one of your notes, that one day one will want to give more than the other person is willing to receive that day and on the following day the roles reverse... Isn't that still the same amount of love being offered on different days despite whatever problems or moods a person may be feeling, and for whatever reason unable to let go of those inadequate feelings to what one wants? To love? Isn't it about understanding? 

Even if the relationship for some reason or another did not work, and one moves on and finds a better companion, isn't the love still there? What if the person hasn't changed their ways? Should we continue to love that person? I do. But not to the extent of deluding yourself into thinking that the person has changed. But to accept the person as the person is only giving what the person can handle and what you or I or whomever can handle to give that person without deluding yourself into believing that the person has changed. The chance can be given, but watching out for whatever intentional or unintentional damage the person can inflect upon you. 

But isn't love about being able to sit in a public place and letting that imaginary force field envelope both of you into a place where nothing else matters. Let's not take this to the extreme. It is merely the attention one gives to the person whom is being loved letting that be reciprocal.

Love is a mere fraction of the mind which decides what it wishes to receive according to the actions done. A definition which will work both ways affecting the relationship as the environment affects the individual person whom might get distracted by those thoughts which have invaded the person. One at times must be strong making those decisions which will be, just that sacrifice one tends to forget as time passes, focusing of those distractions which prevent love from taking place. Don't get me wrong. Love does not mean staying with that person no matter what. If the time comes where that person can not get out of the hole with help, that person will need to do it by his or her self. That is where love comes into play again. 

Love is to see the other person happy. Love is to see the other person grow. Love is the feeling that is shared by the two individuals who understand the concept of understanding. 

As the day ends, I must say that I don't know what love is. All I can do is embrace it when it is offered and do whatever I can to hold on to it for as long as it is being offered. If distractions appear deteriorating the relationship, to do whatever must be done to preserve it, letting it go if all else fails. Then, to wait again for when it is offered.

To do this, one must be honest about the self, to confess, opening the soul. For if one does not to this, when the difficult times come, what was offered was only the illusion of love. It was just a body to spend time with, leaving the soul to grow weak inside the vessel which is easily tempted. 

It is the I which creates the world it wishes to live in. It is the I who wants. It is the I who must decide. It is the I who looses if the wrong decisions about what distractions allow to fill the soul. It is the I that decides what type of love it wishes to live; feeding itself with the type of karma or energy if you will, or behavior, it's all the same to me, it will feel later on. Good, bad, or simply confused. 

Love is the I we stop seeing in our selfs.
