Teichopsia´s dream


	Oh child, what have you done, allowed yourself to be mistreated so - by your brothers upon a soil that I so regretfully have given you. The curse I laid upon you was far greater than any other child I have borne: free will you call it, decisions to be made. I chose, and have given you the same right to create out of yourself, a day that I was unable to bear, a hope I was unable to dream. 
Like yourself I decided, and did, create a story were it all comes to an end – and yet, in these pages I left a page in blank that could be filled with your hopes and dreams, your misfortunes and decisions, a page where you could decide whatever you wished, a chance to make whatever you willed out of a story that had an end.
Unfair you say it is and I have to agree, life is miserable to us all to an unbearable extent, but yet, it is yours. Just like yourself, my father I have never met. An idea out of the blue, a place that will never be found, for I have searched each time further and further, near the stars I only saw my own contempt. To keep exploring for something that was, just not there. Then I turned closer to home and still saw nothing. I looked inside myself to find a piece of the puzzle which was shattered through an imagination that had no end. 
The ideas, yes my child, the ideas became limitless leaving them just at that; but as I tried to place them closer at hand, to be able to reach, I became aware of how limited they were. Thus deciding to give yourselves a better home, a place to rest in eternal bliss. And yet, the journey towards my home I have complicated it so, to make you believe when you were close, how wrong you were. I shall not allow your poison to enter my realm, an ideal place for only those who learn to create what they love, and nothing more. 
The sounds of heat have become convulsions in my heart, my entrails suffer at your constant thunderous sound of pure contempt, hate and love; and above all of yourself. 
I need not to say my children, once more, through another chosen one, that you have, failed me. Disbelieved just too many times a simple fact, a simple act. Oh my children, you have all strayed too far from home.

For ages I have lived upon a terrain not explained, full of questions with simple meanings, and my own ego decided that these could not be, simple to see. I heard of the winds blowing names across the plain, and saw how she danced among my babies, with her purple hair following a rhythm only she knew to play, and my babies at her side, near, listening for a melody of an almost sweet bitter taste that attracts a second taste…. Her sun above smiled upon her, displaying beauty all around. Displaying affection to what mother could do, what mother wished to do. She gave birth and he was happy of a new year…. As she dance she saw, a black stallion charging with fire in eyes of hate; her eyes widened – saw a dagger upon its head pointing towards clouds that have turned to melancholy of an upcoming moment uncontrollable in any sort of manner that he could hold, even control, for what had been taught and learned.
Why must I open my eyes at moments that I wished not, to look away when in truth I wish to know what is that I see upon my inquisitive brows? A certain mystery that may have been revealed at a moment that is called unreal, in a dream that happens not at waking moments, moments which do not seem different from any other. A state which seems to be shorter when not entered, and yet controllable as any other.

All we find in this place are contradictions of what we have been taught, a normal cycle which can not be broken. It is senseless to try and change, eventually it will all fall back how it was, decadence at its fullest: materialism and then mysticism; and all over again.
But this time, the one difference will be that – the story will be remembered, yet, once again, not understood.

On the hills of compassion, “he” was born. A child that “she” had conceived once more, to try and amend the mistakes she had made in the past. Mistakes that almost cost her, her life. Her eternal curse is to conceive many times around, until her time comes when all of it comes to the eternal end. The end of her life. 
Her father was beckoned times, and again all over he abandoned her to her fate, for it is a decision to be made, a life of turnarounds, cyclical mistakes which beg for corrections, yet left alone for it was meant to be so. He traveled around and finally saw his own reflection in the darkness, realized how good it was, for he would never be touched by a creation that finally made sense. 
My children are kindred to themselves, warriors of unknown nature whom battle a beast that can not be seen. A beast known to them, but rejected out of fear from learning the beauty that could be made out of the dark. It hides and has many faces, does not learn for knowledge is his only enemy, a knowledge that shall not be attained by the weak, since it will bring destruction among his kind that live in the innermost recesses of a home made just for him, a place constructed to allow a survival throughout all of eternity, an assurance to his survival. And the beast will make sure that nothing changes his home.
Whatever may be the reason of it, will surely be easier to find its treasure within its insanity, its opposite must remain immutable, hidden from eyes and ears of light hearts, tucked in the recesses for an assurance of its own survival. 
Only that way will the darkness remain, possibilities of a battle won for such incomprehensive reasons, whatever they may be, to continue a war that shall never end. For such is the desire of “her” father: master of beautiful disaster – chaos reborn: life once more. 

I find it, my children that time has come to learn a new faith: such a thing does not exist, our new faith. What you learn must be disregarded, thrown away with the old, a new sense which will turn “her” around into a senseless pit, where chaos reigns no more. And the beast lost within shadows light inside out, out with the new, in with the old: our senseless pit. 

Pity was conceived, then man was born, his wife came along, and their child alone: such is the fate of men conceived, a blank page was left at their will to do a thing not done before.

Once more all there is to be said has already been thrown out, confused around walls billed out of satisfaction – only “he” has had the insight to allow such an unnecessary necessity come into place. Where the fighting has been drained out, little energy left for such a thing to take place. A race of fighters out to be bread to allow hope to regain itself once more. If not, the light wont be seen again.
I have heard once more the term “go with the flow” which is only heard in certain circles. Pretty self explanatory and stupid once thought about it. Look, I am having a hard time right now, the things that can not be done, or better said, the things I wish to do, simply are not allowed. If I do as it is said, to go with it, follow with the rest of the herd, I am to study and work, then keep on working to find myself later on with a possible decent woman, and I say possibly since you don’t know if she is calculating your studies and age, which denotes approximately the amount of money you ought to be earning in a year, and decides to treat you nice since that is what you are going to be able to support. Since I really do not give a darn about such irrelevancies, not planning on working day after day, to retire at an old age with a woman that possibly is decent, and see my kids work the same shit as I did before: with only one difference, it is going to be much harder for them!
So I say: move the flow, direct it towards where you it is better, do not follow the footsteps of someone walking off a ridge. Foolish enough for it to be done once. 
And yet, no unpleasantly unnecessary to try to make a change. Ever before Christ, the one thing that has changed since then, is technology. The philosophy is the same, the people are the same. How can I say such things? Easily done! Look, besides the technology is the increment in population. But the general idea, or ideas, are still there. Every once in a while comes a person with a nice idea, which is considered new at that epoch, but it is not. Every single little thing has been moved to make it seem real. Real, real, real. We know that television lies, that the newspaper lie as well, the internet has nothing useful, just more lies. People have not outgrown their stupidity and never will, such is the curse of the people. And such is the curse….. 
Christ had a problem, he was the son of God: and so do I have the same problem and suffer the same faith as he did, my own people betray me. Now days it is harder to have faith, to know that you can heal, and that slight little problem was not one back then, it was not so easy to make someone doubt his faith. 
Lets make it so, I give my life so you can come to an agreement: and have time for it to work. But the longer you take, the chances of survival will grow slimmer by the minute. Every time you come closer and think that you know something, He will change.

lovers kiss for a minute, and an hour consumes itself faster at this misfortune

If I were to look upon the stars to see them laughing down at me, on how they cherish my misfortunes, of dreams 

It is best to keep things naturally, the beauty is found in their simplicity. How dreadful it is to smell a preserved rose, sprinkled with drops of bottled life which adds to its false and captivating death. Lured towards a preserved beauty, restricted from its natural light. Oh the days when I could see you in the sun dancing among the trees, allowing her to caress your body softly while you glide through her. Smiling o so very gently with tears at seeing them captivated against their will, empathizing something you wished not for yourself, that the day would not come when your simplicity would be compromised, your beauty lost to the everyday turmoil’s, the everyday lies. Easily fooled to fall prey once more, of that dreaded dream despised by some whom could not resist the tempting fools. 
One more day, you will be gone, let stride you back in place before you fall of its path; to dance and smile as you had done on those oh so happy days, those simply beautiful days forgotten with time.

It has been five years since I have regretted: that is regret in itself; not being able to find happiness within my own little world, that has not known its place to be, and yet, I was able to find it at the same time, unfortunately the happiness was deprived from me. I searched for some time till I grew tired of looking towards the stars idealizing the place I could store my sorrows in, forget all in all the surrounding folks, the idle chit chatters who feel all too happy in their infernal bliss, ignoring needs to be.
I have pictured it so many times, in so many different places, with the passing years the blurriness has overwhelmed me, it is all too confusing to hope for a better day when your next of kin mocks their own child, despises its innocence, rejects and thinks: but nothing more. My next of kin, my love for you on your passing into ageless history, your thoughts as well; show me the righteousness I have forgotten along my own path, and I shall show you how wrong I am of my next of kin: you are nothing without the passing of days.
My path has taken me astray once more, falling into the bottomless pit which was dug the day of our fathers´ yesterdays´. And as I fell into the dark, all I found was myself, looking towards the bottom I found myself lost in a tunnel of dark, next to the beast clawing against the walls, tearing my heart in search of a mirror but finding nothing but a mirror which shined not of his light, but of darkness with fiery eyes; Eyes gleaming for freedom that were trapped within the passing of our days. 
I beg upon you to look upon yourselves, that is the way to find me, a life that will be spared if you find that beast within dark walls of loneliness, walls of my solitude, a place I need not be. 
For five years, I have been alone with that beast, but worry needlessly, for I shall take him away from you for some time, to buy you more if it, to give you a chance to find the beast once its gone: to vanquish him forever, to grow within my love and worry not for your next of kin: heaven is a far off place, but a step closer will I be when you vanquish the beast from within. And when he is gone, a new one shall come, to bring us a step closer home; instead of the one you so foolishly have opened.
