Teichopsia´s dream.


	It all has to start somewhere, whether it be in the middle, the beginning or the end: past present and future. The future comes into place when the present is understood thus creating the past; a change occurs whether we like it or not. 
His life came into being in the 21ist century, a realization months past his 23rd birthday; ceasing to believe that I exist. This cessation follows a natural order of thought. In the past you believe; as he grew …………

Fellow dwellers of a lost realm, you have not yet realized that it all must come to an end, whether it be by choice or not, whether you choose to, or simply look away. I have fought over myself to conquer the impossible, a dream rejected by vanity of a superior kind. The kind only man can achieve, the kind only man chooses to dwell in, a realm of lost dreams. 
The one constant in life is death, created only by one: man. Not being able to accept a superior being, decided to destroy his idea out of envious arrogance. His idea, that of man, are of limits. What can not be seen, touched, or even comprehended does not exist: thus is the arrogance of man. Given many gifts, simply asked for more, ceased to care for the giver, immersing himself every day more into the receiver of poisonous self-pity. A self righteous mistake that he is infallible, man knows it all. And if mistake ever comes into place, find the best suitable scapegoat.
I know of nothing, and this is what scares me. Having to accept ignorance is not as blissful as it was in the past. In this present, ignorance is created for the herds to live among each other thinking that it matters not, for life is one. A mistake we soon shall regret. Life has taken place longer than we can imagine, every thought of every person of every era from past present and future has, is, and will take place. The arrogance not to believe it so, the arrogance to believe it so. And yet, my only wish is to be wrong of every thought I have ever had of man. 
The realm of time is constructed by cause and effect. The realm of time in mans life just accumulates in a calendar and ceases to exist. He sees no one, cares for no one, and keeps on giving to the ones he does not care for. Everything with a place, but no one to put it where it belongs. Complaining about complexities too great, leaving them for someone else to solve accumulations of greater complexities who wish to be someone else; wishing for a better tomorrow, when only tomorrow comes as yesterday was left. Pausing time between yesterdays and tomorrows, forgetting today’s.
My friends, I am only one, an individual who wishes to be one. And this can not be achieved alone, for life is not meant to part. And if life parts, so do we. Basic rules for a basic life; this is the simplicity life chose for itself: a simple life, with all its wonders and beauties, not one of unnatural order.
We belong where we need to be, we go where no one wants us to be, we impose what does not wished to be received, we learn not from our mistakes, but of only making more of them. We create more problems before solving older ones, create a system within an older one that only works for those who wish it to work, those who benefit from it. Creating more problems for tomorrows child of yesterdays father. And today’s man does not care for his father of yesterday nor his child of tomorrow. Such is the arrogance of man. 

My friends, I only wish to evolve. From an ameba we came and believe to have grown, but as an ameba we stay. Our madness has been, the proof of our declining days. Through the past we have seen what man has been, the present is proof of our extraordinary inferiority, yet in numbers we stay. To commence the war within ourselves, to end everything we play. As a dice rolls, our heads toll, of a luck by numbers we sense our dismay. Yet we keep on playing till we drop into disarray. 
My friends, a play with words is as easy as a play with awe; all we have to do is find the light of day. And this little ones, is as easy as the coming of night after day. 

I sense no sense in the sense of the senseless days. To live a living day, working towards a restless night – forcing sense into a madhouse of what once used to be a delightful place. I tell you, if this was corrupted by our forefathers and we know of this, and the corruption still stands strong, and will keep on; will everything not be corrupted by then? If we know the corruption inflicts harm, what will be the dangers of everything corrupted? Would this unity harm what was past? But if only the future comes into place once the present is understood, thus creating the past, then is the futures harm not directly proportional to the past ones? Is it then not the same fate for us all? Past, present and future? I linger upon a hopeful mistake.

The delight of it all, to go as you please in the old days where everyone respected ones freedom. What has happened to it all. Alas, I believe it was the merchants that grew tiresome of the carefree and leisurely life others lived. Envious of their happy lives while theirs were full of struggle to buy and show they had. Yet they lacked what they had longed and could not buy, for that they imposed onto others what the only dreamt of having without knowing how to achieve such a simple goal: to let go. For this they poisoned so many, creating a long heritage of misconceptions. This only prolonged their pain into everlasting misery. A misery which will follow even those who did not, into their graves. For the mistake of one, all around pays as well. For the mistake of many, the misery shall be far greater than any of us should even dare to imagine, but the pain shall come and end everyone for once and all. 
Hopefully we can achieve a higher goal than that of simple minded one tracked blinded by greed and lustfully vengeful vanity of a one way race: that of non action. 

Follow me towards the light, towards the dark, towards anywhere far from plight. Shall we find happiness in madness and preach it for ourselves. Shall we hope for a greater tomorrow? Never! Our hope for a better tomorrow relies on what we do today, on how we achieve the common goal of a sure passage full of life. Needless to say that preachers of today lack the convictions of tomorrow, preaching for a better tomorrow when it should be done today; and only done by them for themselves and not for others. This is the true happiness in giving, not giving to others but giving to oneself. Forget tomorrow, forget yesterday, and above all, forget today, and live within yourself for yourself, forget others for they care not, and let them be, let them drown in their own arrogance. May we be freed of ungrateful and excessive garbage that knows only how to take and throw away what is not of use. Let them throw away what they do not comprehend, when we go, we shall laugh at our stupidity and only wish to live it again. For only this we will be able to do: wish.
