The little things I never said.


	It has been a long time since I have spoken my dear friends; so long I have forgotten how and I wish for it not to be in vain and yet, only by the end will we know what has come about this little interaction I have ran away from for such a long time. 
Perhaps it is the fear of those who know the philosophy of the book of acts, and all that which pertains to such an ideology. All in all my little friends, I am not sure whether I should continue with this story which was in a way, asked from a friend of mine whom I consider dear of me. All in all my little friends, this journey is to be feared and all I do hope, deeply down from my, as what may seem to be a cliché, deep down from my heart; is that I may be wrong with my way of thinking. For if I am right, we are fucked!
	It has been a long time since I have gone through this way and at the same time it feels as good as it does badly to my dear unforgiving heart which knows not how to forgive. For its memory is that of great, for it’s memory is of that which wants to forget. 
	It is said that the mind is a terrible thing to waste, yet, perhaps another cliché. Mine, is one of those I wish not to know of, nor to keep. 

My little friends, for those who know and don’t, the assumptions done in all of that which matters and not, is merely an assumption of mind. Science and all of that which we know of now, is merely the assumption of the individual mind which has thought of itself as superior above all that which is as equal as the assumption that all individuals is as equal even though the differences are visibly seen by those…. 
It is funny at the same time how those who live well tend to think in terms that are of equal ness. Am I not understood? Matters not!

	Allow me to tell you one more time the fear to continue, the book of acts and all that which pertains to what is written. At the same time to thank he who has once again inspired or better said, gotten me once more to continue with the voyage towards fear. Or is it the overcoming of it?

	My hesitation is as well you’re if you dare not to correct this troubled mind who wonders and perhaps to use another, ponder the incessant absurdity which is that of the mind wasted in social clashes. Not Understood? We are plagued with distractions of all sorts which prohibit the evolution of the thought. A concept I feel not to enter. A concept I fear if I am right, will be in itself the downfall. Yet, not necessarily the downfall, since if we take it a step further, all which was thought will come to pass whether it was pronounced by one or the other. The book of acts or it’s philosophy. 

	Please pardon the vagueness so far. It is but a mere distraction I don’t wish to indulge in. Please pardon me, I am not sure.

	The one thing I can tell you which is important to keep in mind regardless of thought or philosophy or religion. Our essence is what matters most in this world. If we are to assume that that essence is linked to this planet, our world, and whether it is destroyed or we leave it, then, our essence will be lost even if we do escape the destruction of what should be considered our mother. The womb which nurtured and nurtures us even after the dreaded moment most fear: death. A concept which is contradictory to all that which has been taught or thought or known in a way. No matter in what way you may look at it, death is merely a transition from matter, religion, etc. A concept which can not be comprehended until it is embraced by the collective force.

	At this point my little friends, is when I tend to continue no more. My thoughts reach a point where they are tired due to lack of practice. A practice I have sought for and achieved, and am tired of living it. 
	My thoughts little friends, is what I most hope to be wrong.

Run my little friends, do what you must to preserve your irrelevant integrity. Distract yourself with that which is mere superficial distractions, that of the body whom fears the concept of death. The concept which can not be comprehended by those average, by those whom have done as I: assume righteousness. 

	Perhaps it is the fear of being right which drives my self destructive force. Perhaps it is what I fear to accomplish which drives my procrastination. Perhaps it is the fear of failure which keeps me this way. Perhaps it was meant to be. 

	Have you understood what I have been trying to tell? Hopefully you have! In that manner you may be able to correct these devious thoughts. Perhaps there is yet hope for me at being proven wrong. Perhaps there is still hope for all of us to survive the cyclical cycle which could eventually turn our minds and destroy our essence. 

	I was asked to write, and thus I did.

	I was asked to live, and thus I did.

	I was asked to survive, that I denied.

For the survival means to adapt to the environment. Even if thus survival means to lose what has been lived for thousands of years. Thus survival has not been that of the creation of a weak species. A species which was strong until it was taught it can be lazy. It was taught everything would be okay as we kept our distance of those who are in power. Democracy? Ha! It is merely the illusion of freedom.

You wish to survive? Work no more!
