This Life
(As what has been learned up to this point)


	How can anyone disregard principles that are controversial? Humanity (a term that at times is used to differentiate us from animals will be discussed at a later time) has reached a point in time, in this era, and perhaps even has come to realize this very same idea in earlier periods that our thoughts are quite irrelevant when coming to the realization that every single person is correct in their own logic. The sense of arguing has become pointless due to the fact that the absolute truth is reserved only to the beginning of everything. 
Our science is trying to discover, in a way of speaking, this truth. But how can this be accomplished when: A study on any given factor will always replace the previous one; it will always reach a point where it wont be able to explain the instance before the sum of the total action; and perhaps a numerous of other not so important reasons, which Ill only mention one more: it only studies a given factor in time. If something new comes into place, i.e. a new disease, the only course of action that can be taken is to observe it.
How can the whole, the collective force wish to answer such important questions when they can’t even come into terms among themselves? If humanity wishes to separate the inseparable, the fact that we are nothing but animals that believe in thinking as a gift given only to our species, then why can’t we resolve smaller problems before picking topics that are over our heads? Is it that necessary to answer the eternal riddle? One that wont be achieved in any one single life time? One that has blinded us from solving easier problems? Problems which are achievable and yet, complicated to achieve because of individual greed. But it doesn’t stop there; we also have the collective greed, the one that comes due to nationalistic upbringing, a concept which encourages war.
But before I deviate more from the main idea, acceptance is needed. One can not believe in knowing what is best for someone else, much less if the person they are trying to counsel has not yet lived the experience. Yet, as Oscar Wilde says about experience, that it’s nothing but a name we give to our mistakes; how can we argue with someone that has and is living a different life than ours. 
The mistake is perhaps when someone stops questioning himself and his surroundings, and begins to place fact where fact doesn’t even exist. In accepting the given surroundings as such they are, as well in denying the possibility of being wrong which is at the same believing in being right. 
Thus, a pointless artifact has been created, a machine which denies itself, which forces individuals to join membership to a ship that has never lifted anchor, and has had such troubles to patch the holes of a believable disbelief. A new era can be created once the historical troubles have been amended, once we come to terms with ourselves.
	
