Walking on a troubled paradise
She had ran out of reasons to defend herself, turning desperately to run with dessert lizards gnawing bitter wounds that had been sown by guilt, his mind confused by years of inexperience as he had toyed with an existentialistic idea for a better world, leaving him defenseless to learn about the self. Ironically he had thought he was learning the secrets within, and despite all he learned his steps had become a troubled paradise. 
Troubled within, his own weakness was his only pain, longing desperately upon hopes that did not depend on him. She was troubled beyond her misdeeds, ignorant to the pleasures of experience, her life being a bitter escape from a troubled childhood, oblivious of her own glorious madness she called freedom, wanting his weakness to be her gain. “Give me all and I'll be your pain” echoed in her mind as she disguised her words by gnawing on bitter wounds that had been sown with guilt. Even before they met, they had already lost their chances at love.
We all have insecurities which obsessively run round in circles destroying the little good that is withing us, as it brings forth the demon who strives to break loose. The bad which lays dormant until our wits are numbed by those who have died within. Our lives are nothing more than the struggle between our minds and hearts, the pain and joy of being alive. It is then as a dream which we choose to live as we try not to wake, for when we fall we lose that which made us hazy, as we lived in our delusional dream, forgetting the responsibilities of reality. 
It is thus, as he knew, when things aren't going your way, it's time to change the story.


















as he saw her he remembered the freedom of being single, of choosing all the sweet liberties without needing to worry about the consequences of flirting innocently with a pretty girl. He remembered those days he could walk over to whisper sweet nothings in her ear as she would have giggled while saying "I'm sure you say that to all the girls" and to which he would reply "only the pretty ones". He longed for the bygone days he had been happy as a single man. But as this fleeting instant passed, a few seconds as the memory rushed through his soul, he then looked at his girlfriend whom was laughing and drinking, remembering all the fights and quarrels, all the doors that were slammed and all the times he had gotten drunk with his friends complaining about the hardships he had had with the woman who had been impervious to all that had been going through his mind. He looked at her one more time, the woman with the beautiful smile, radiant as all that is new and mysterious, all that remains untainted by years of struggle all relationship bear. He got up, pushing his way through the crowd, decided to reach the woman on the far side. As he approached her, leaning close to whisper into her ear, while she smiled at him happy that he had left the side of what she had considered as competition. The inner triumph she felt was gleaming in her eyes. He leaned close to her, inhaling that tempting scent all that is new offers, and he said to her: "As beautiful and mysterious as you are, and for all the problems I've had with my girlfriend, there is no other woman who can ever make me as happy as she has." He walked away after speaking these words, looking steadily to the woman he loved. She smiled back at him because she knew that for everything they had gone through, for all the fights they had endured, love is what rises from the ashes of misery. And there was nothing else to fear. 
Stunned and perplexed as to why he had said that to her, something had thrown her off her balance, her ego had been hurt. She wasn't sure what to think nor what to do. As she was feeling confused, she noticed someone she knew at their table. She would wait for the appropriate moment to regain her honor - or at least she thought it was that, but in reality it was nothing more but that irrelevant need to get someone else's approval. 
She waited a few days before contacting their mutual friend, at first, as not to rise any suspicion, she made small chit chat. As the devious woman she was, she got what she wanted to find out. Who had been the man that had approached her at the bar. 
In the meantime, the lovely couple were doing what they do best; loving each other no matter what. They were the living example of a couple who had gone through thick and thin, overcoming the obstacles life can bring any couple. As fantastic as they may sound, they didn't have anything special about them. They had the same fights and the same friends any one of us could have. What set them aside from the rest was the commitment and above all, the knowledge that life has so many twists and turns, so many obstacles, and they knew that people are different in their ways. If they could overcome their personal differences, being honest no matter what, sharing what they knew, thought and felt, in the end, everything would be alright. 
Her mind was storming with contempt, wanting to get and leave after she was done with all that she didn't have. As many of you know, there are that sort of humans out there, envious of their own lack of conviction of achieving all that is beautiful within us. With a little introspective hard work, those who dread the boundaries of a conscious soul can overcome the fears and deficiencies of our own mistakes, living a life free from social distractions. Those very games people play to avoid the pain of being themselves. She lived running away from her self, without understanding that her freedom would come from within. And if this path was too difficult to take, he would walk hand in hand until she was safe.
On the very next morning, while finishing her usual routine she wondered how to conquer him. The man that had lifted her spirits for a fleeting moment as when we were children euphorically playing with our imagination, those very moments we forget everything else. However uplifting, in her mind it ended prematurely; wanting more as little children do. 
It wasn't always so nice for the two of them, the lovely couple - sure of each other as they seem now. Of course they had their rough patches and yes, as we both know there are other people, other couples who work out from the very beginning. Those people learned from their past mistakes, vowing to learn from experience and avoiding the pain associated in not believing in oneself. It is that voice, that instinct that screams "listen to me" as our doubtful minds run headlong towards that impeding disaster we knew we would find just ahead of that corner if we continued walking towards that direction. For some reason the junkie complex within wishes that quick fix, that drug that holds the withdrawal symptoms at bay as we avoid confronting that which makes us weak. 
It is what they suffered at the beginning as the woman from the crowded room is suffering now.
She thought she was doing the right thing as she held her head high, as her pride played tricks on her mind. But isn't it the hope of love the highest goal attainable? Thus, she thought through her egoistic nature, wanting what someone else already had. She wanted to be that woman who had the love of the man that had hurt her pride. 
All of these ideas are understandable through the individuality of our thoughts, despite her ignorance to the reciprocal determinism inherent in our lives. Just like a child who is yet learning, she couldn't control her impulses, she needed her fix.












Let our imagination run wild and our hearts feel free. May the tyrannical oppression of our free will succumb under their own pressure as they lose control of the herd that has been subdued by the greed of their ignorance. And may these words reach the teenage hero that once lived within you, rebellious of all that which is wrong and unjust in the world you once loved.
They had lost him and he had been misunderstood, confused by their confusion. He was absorbed within his mind and he had been happy where he was, he searched for answers few ever thought about; God and society, business and the ever complex world known as nature. Despite all his time spent within, he was adamant towards the obsolete competitive practices society indulged itself in. It was both contradictory and the reason our values had been disappearing as quickly as technology had been progressing. Yes my little friends, I'll give you that, he had stumbled along his path.
After so many years she has reappeared as I sigh with the memory of the most tranquil moment in silence I have spent with anyone, before we could kiss she knew I was not the one. Whatever it was, whatever her reasons, whatever she has done, it's hard to recall anyone else I have ever felt so at peace with as my memory lingers as if no time has gone. Perhaps we were too alike, or maybe we have now grown, nothing is certain, but she had already known I was not the one. 


Her feelings were clouded by what she hears, her thoughts opposing one another as she had lost interest to find out more from the man who was lost within himself, struggling to become a better man. She feigns a false sense of security but changes just like the seasons bring beauty to our diverse life. Her mind regrets decisions she hasn't taken yet, her heart bounded by the past. As you walk along life my love, you will be alright.
The little things we missed when we weren't looking, longing for the memory of that which is now gone. Her aroma has lingered longer than her image, just like the refreshing summer rain which dissipates under the embracing sun. Look no further my little friends, ignore the distractions of your petty insecurities. Love is the only way.

Let your baggage be the lesson of our age, as the fight for the self may become the goal of a nation. 

There is a strange feeling roaming in the air, as he felt this has happened before. It's a whirlwind of emotions bottled within disappointment, as he lingers with an idea of hope he knows will just slap him back to reality. He believes she lacks conviction as he hears her apologetic words. All that we can do when the storm torments our happiness is to rebuild the foundations of trust. But if this comes to fail, look within the serenity of the self, feel at ease as you comprehend that the excess baggage must be carried. And even if you are too weak to carry someone else's or even your own, it is alright. One day you will comprehend. 

When things aren't going your way, change your story.
it was lost in the shuffle and all I'm left with is the memory of an illusion...
While he was washing dishes and making coffee, abruptly he said: "I feel fine but that's a lie" as he realized he wasn't thinking clearly. "That was one hell of a hangover". Now he sits eating pineapple and writing these words wondering if anyone will press "like" or add a "comment". He pauses to think what else he can say; lights a cigarette, taking a sip from his freshly brewed coffee, oblivious as he worries about his friends happiness. And yet he thinks too much and doing too little to practice and learn to be a real writer. 
