His head buzzed with a numbness hard to describe as he tries to make sense of it all. There was a time when everything was easier, as the skies bloomed with the colors of happy days. Those moments where perception only absorbed that which is in our hearts. Like the personalized plates or perhaps a hummingbird which would come by to visit on the veranda of our loneliness. Our feelings define the way we perceive the stimulus that surrounds us. Confused as his head kept buzzing into clarity when everything fell apart. 
She yelled at him, demanding the things she wouldn't give. She begged to be accepted, giving the reasons why it wouldn't work. She fell silent when............. she fell silent. 
She enumerated what love was, what was needed for it to work and yet failed to see she had been cursed by the same spell, demanding that which she failed to give. And as she lived her private life, she grew closer to sympathetic ears, experiencing mistakes of another kind. 

He knew this all too well, burdened by knowledge that came with experience as she rejected the values that had been from older times, before mass media and the superfluous, the decadent world of a poorly educated country. Values we all know too well in this downward spiral which will soon evaporate into the cyclical melodramatic theater we are bounded by. He knew it all too well lost and bounded by the same rules he had tried to free himself from, when he was a better man. But it is this life which lead him here, chained to his self, by the decisions which bounded him to the creature that dwells within, the demonic idiosyncrasy instilled by a social misconception. Rules and regulations, advices and judgments, laws which were long forgotten in the realm of the misguided, by the people of the fast paced, head bound, rushing towards the obliterating reality which they called "I". 
His head buzzed and his heart emptied, the sadness permeated his soul as the memories of what was once long forgotten, left aside to "live life", to "socialize", rushed back into his mind. He didn't want to carry this burden, he still doesn't want to carry this burden.
She had been hurt by him and could not accept the natural cycle of life, of emotions. Her mind was simple, her heart great and her ego echoed silently; as the shadowy figure crept confusion into her soul. She had lost her way as she tried to find another way.
Nothing else mattered.

